# "Random" and Comparison Between the Two Embeddings

In the folder **random**, you can find a series of experiments where I randomly created a set of people and a set of ideas, and than i connected them with a maximum of three edges between people and ideas.

Then, I created the HTML files using the two tools we have: the JSON file from *Game of Thrones* and the graph using Python.

To visualize all graphs constructed with Python, simply download them to your personal computer and open them with your favorite browser.

For the graphs created from the JSON file (which you can find in the **json** subfolder of **random**), please follow the steps below.

## Open files that use json

This guide explains how to visualize HTML files generated by the scripts in your local environment using a simple HTTP server with Python.

## Prerequisites

- **Python 3** installed on your machine. You can download it from [python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

## Steps to Visualize HTML Files

1. **Open a Terminal**:  
   Open a terminal or command prompt on your machine.

2. **Navigate to the Directory**:  
   Change the directory to where your HTML files are located. Use the `cd` command:
   ```bash
   cd path/to/your/html/files
   ```

3. **Start the HTTP Server**:
    Use the following command to start the server:
    ```bash
    python -m http.server
    ``` 
    By default, this will start the server on port 8000.
4. **Open the File**:
    Open the file by typing the address in your favorite browser:
    ```bash
    http://localhost:8000/namefile.html
    ```